whoo so I heard last night Brock Lester
came out and confront Seth Rollins so I
skipped all the way to the end of the
Hulu version of this online and I gotta
see this shit I will watch the whole
thing later but yeah let's get it goes
one of two things the pressure either
causes it to crumble and turn to dust
and render it useless or that pressure I
don't even know what turmoil agency
called it that but you always hope I
watched Chevy stick them in the things
the grid route and and the question now
is do you crumble under the pressure and
the diamond that we had invested in
because Seth the pressure is on
note that means their account
you're stepping things
baby back to bite city base hit events
to bike fit events
growling sparse a deal what know that
yeah
oh one second banks say my battery's
running low let me plug this camera up
so y'all won't miss no action yeah
there we go
saw the cameras shit
now let's see what
betta hold it back up almost gone or
he's going to stay with that company my
name is Paul Heyman Newman was the
reinstated but so is it he has made
a deal
good your olive space please not one
fight
to Blackfin events city mints get a
man's food black kitty bitch
is absolutely selling shit your pants
fear
is he walking forward and you know how
fast the man is don't try to run
I will never forget that time our guy
who was ran out of the ring for me
and once big cut to the other sizing is
already out of the ring clothes line
sounds like oh my god that is the scary
man
come on I want to see somebody get f5
come on
that bomber plane as plumber plane exits
on Thursday
we're going to have him take it over
island and then have
Roman reigns beat him legitimately at UW
I mean at WrestleMania
but now let's see somebody get at five
minutes
I think it's really cool I'd be able to
make a visit and not say a fucking word
and get paid all right y'all
post your comments down below let me
know what you think let me know what you
think is gonna happen
that's what things gonna happen he's
gonna take it off of Rollins and thanks
Rollins and him and reigns Lesnar reigns
at WrestleMania possibly that's what I'm
thinking anyway hope you enjoyed my
reaction post your comments down below
make sure you like subscribe and share
if you didn't like it I don't fucking
care one of these subscribers